packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/table/demo/fixed-columns.md, before:

---
order: 18
title:
  en-US: Fixed Columns
  zh-CN: 固定列
---

## zh-CN

对于列数很多的数据，可以固定前后的列，横向滚动查看其它数据，需要和 `scroll.x` 配合使用。

> 若列头与内容不对齐或出现列重复，请指定列的宽度 `width`。
>
> 建议指定 `scroll.x` 为大于表格宽度的固定值或百分比。注意，且非固定列宽度之和不要超过 `scroll.x`。

## en-US

To fix some columns and scroll inside other columns, and you must set `scroll.x` meanwhile.

> Specify the width of columns if header and cell do not align properly.
>
> A fixed value which is greater than table width for `scroll.x` is recommended. The sum of unfixed columns should not greater than `scroll.x`.

````jsx
import { Table } from 'antd';

const columns = [
  {
    title: 'Full Name', width: 100, dataIndex: 'name', key: 'name', fixed: 'left',
  },
  {
    title: 'Age', width: 100, dataIndex: 'age', key: 'age', fixed: 'left',
  },
  { title: 'Column 1', dataIndex: 'address', key: '1' },
  { title: 'Column 2', dataIndex: 'address', key: '2' },
  { title: 'Column 3', dataIndex: 'address', key: '3' },
  { title: 'Column 4', dataIndex: 'address', key: '4' },
  { title: 'Column 5', dataIndex: 'address', key: '5' },
  { title: 'Column 6', dataIndex: 'address', key: '6' },
  { title: 'Column 7', dataIndex: 'address', key: '7' },
  { title: 'Column 8', dataIndex: 'address', key: '8' },
  {
    title: 'Action',
    key: 'operation',
    fixed: 'right',
    width: 100,
    render: () => <a href="javascript:;">action</a>,
  },
];

const data = [{
  key: '1',
  name: 'John Brown',
  age: 32,
  address: 'New York Park',
}, {
  key: '2',
  name: 'Jim Green',
  age: 40,
  address: 'London Park',
}];

ReactDOM.render(<Table columns={columns} dataSource={data} scroll={{ x: 1300 }} />, mountNode);
````

Commit message:

Chore/fix master conflict (#14126)
* adjust table fixed column z-index (#14036)

fix #13930

* :memo: Add instruction for one column without width left in fixed table

* Add full PR template link in template (#14061)

* add full tmpl link

* adjust

* simplify it

* add cn link

* Fix Affix flickering when scrolling

* update

* fix: top border disappeared under some ie9

* fix calendar month range display (#14049)

* Fix tslint warning

* Correct typescript usage (#14074)

* :bug: Fix steps style under IE9

close #14001

* :bug: tweak style for not affecting vertical steps

* :memo: enhance upload documentation

* Input.Group with TimePicker disappear icon: https://codepen.io/mraiguo/pen/QzvvvE?editors=0010

* :bug: Fix disabled button style in DatePicker panel

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/507615/50693143-17505400-1071-11e9-9114-b150bef8f7f6.png

* :memo: site: fix BackTop been covered by footer

close #14093

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Update pr_cn.md

* :bug: Fix nested Timeline last item missing line (#14110)

close #14108

* init Spin should also support delay trigger (#14105)

fix #14100

* Update table docs

* bugfix

* Format

* update snapshot

* test: fix spin test

packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/table/demo/fixed-columns.md, after:

---
order: 18
title:
  en-US: Fixed Columns
  zh-CN: 固定列
---

## zh-CN

对于列数很多的数据，可以固定前后的列，横向滚动查看其它数据，需要和 `scroll.x` 配合使用。

> 若列头与内容不对齐或出现列重复，请指定**固定列**的宽度 `width`。
>
> 建议指定 `scroll.x` 为大于表格宽度的固定值或百分比。注意，且非固定列宽度之和不要超过 `scroll.x`。

## en-US

To fix some columns and scroll inside other columns, and you must set `scroll.x` meanwhile.

> Specify the width of columns if header and cell do not align properly. (Leave one column at least without width to fit fluid layout)
>
> A fixed value which is greater than table width for `scroll.x` is recommended. The sum of unfixed columns should not greater than `scroll.x`.

````jsx
import { Table } from 'antd';

const columns = [
  {
    title: 'Full Name', width: 100, dataIndex: 'name', key: 'name', fixed: 'left',
  },
  {
    title: 'Age', width: 100, dataIndex: 'age', key: 'age', fixed: 'left',
  },
  { title: 'Column 1', dataIndex: 'address', key: '1' },
  { title: 'Column 2', dataIndex: 'address', key: '2' },
  { title: 'Column 3', dataIndex: 'address', key: '3' },
  { title: 'Column 4', dataIndex: 'address', key: '4' },
  { title: 'Column 5', dataIndex: 'address', key: '5' },
  { title: 'Column 6', dataIndex: 'address', key: '6' },
  { title: 'Column 7', dataIndex: 'address', key: '7' },
  { title: 'Column 8', dataIndex: 'address', key: '8' },
  {
    title: 'Action',
    key: 'operation',
    fixed: 'right',
    width: 100,
    render: () => <a href="javascript:;">action</a>,
  },
];

const data = [{
  key: '1',
  name: 'John Brown',
  age: 32,
  address: 'New York Park',
}, {
  key: '2',
  name: 'Jim Green',
  age: 40,
  address: 'London Park',
}];

ReactDOM.render(<Table columns={columns} dataSource={data} scroll={{ x: 1300 }} />, mountNode);
````
