packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/upload/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Data Entry
title: Upload
---

Upload file by selecting or dragging.

## When To Use

Uploading is the process of publishing information (web pages, text, pictures, video, etc.) to a remote server via a web page or upload tool.

- When you need to upload one or more files.
- When you need to show the process of uploading.
- When you need to upload files by dragging and dropping.

## API

> You can consult [jQuery-File-Upload](https://github.com/blueimp/jQuery-File-Upload/wiki) about how to implement server side upload interface.

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| accept | File types that can be accepted. See [input accept Attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/file#accept) | string | - |
| action | Uploading URL | string\|(file) => `Promise` | - |
| directory | support upload whole directory ([caniuse](https://caniuse.com/#feat=input-file-directory)) | boolean | false |
| beforeUpload | Hook function which will be executed before uploading. Uploading will be stopped with `false` or a rejected Promise returned. **Warning：this function is not supported in IE9**。 | (file, fileList) => `boolean | Promise` | - |
| customRequest | override for the default xhr behavior allowing for additional customization and ability to implement your own XMLHttpRequest | Function | - |
| data | Uploading params or function which can return uploading params. | object\|function(file) | - |
| defaultFileList | Default list of files that have been uploaded. | object\[] | - |
| disabled | disable upload button | boolean | false |
| fileList | List of files that have been uploaded (controlled). Here is a common issue [#2423](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/issues/2423) when using it | object\[] | - |
| headers | Set request headers, valid above IE10. | object | - |
| listType | Built-in stylesheets, support for three types: `text`, `picture` or `picture-card` | string | 'text' |
| multiple | Whether to support selected multiple file. `IE10+` supported. You can select multiple files with CTRL holding down while multiple is set to be true | boolean | false |
| name | The name of uploading file | string | 'file' |
| showUploadList | Whether to show default upload list, could be an object to specify `showPreviewIcon` and `showRemoveIcon` individually | Boolean or { showPreviewIcon?: boolean, showRemoveIcon?: boolean } | true |
| supportServerRender | Need to be turned on while the server side is rendering. | boolean | false |
| withCredentials | ajax upload with cookie sent | boolean | false |
| openFileDialogOnClick | click open file dialog | boolean | true |
| onChange | A callback function, can be executed when uploading state is changing. See [onChange](#onChange) | Function | - |
| onPreview | A callback function, will be executed when file link or preview icon is clicked. | Function(file) | - |
| onRemove | A callback function, will be executed when removing file button is clicked, remove event will be prevented when return value is `false` or a Promise which resolve(false) or reject. | Function(file): `boolean | Promise` | - |

### onChange

> The function will be called when uploading is in progress, completed or failed

When uploading state change, it returns:

```js
{
  file: { /* ... */ },
  fileList: [ /* ... */ ],
  event: { /* ... */ },
}
```

1. `file` File object for the current operation.

   ```js
   {
      uid: 'uid',      // unique identifier，negative is recommend，to prevent interference with internal generated id
      name: 'xx.png'   // file name
      status: 'done', // options：uploading, done, error, removed
      response: '{"status": "success"}', // response from server
      linkProps: '{"download": "image"}', // additional html props of file link
   }
   ```

2. `fileList` current list of files
3. `event` response from server, including uploading progress, supported by advanced browsers.

## show download links

Please set property `url` of property `fileList` to control content of link

## customRequest

- <https://github.com/react-component/upload#customrequest>

## IE note

- <https://github.com/react-component/upload#ie89-note>

Commit message:

Chore/fix master conflict (#14126)
* adjust table fixed column z-index (#14036)

fix #13930

* :memo: Add instruction for one column without width left in fixed table

* Add full PR template link in template (#14061)

* add full tmpl link

* adjust

* simplify it

* add cn link

* Fix Affix flickering when scrolling

* update

* fix: top border disappeared under some ie9

* fix calendar month range display (#14049)

* Fix tslint warning

* Correct typescript usage (#14074)

* :bug: Fix steps style under IE9

close #14001

* :bug: tweak style for not affecting vertical steps

* :memo: enhance upload documentation

* Input.Group with TimePicker disappear icon: https://codepen.io/mraiguo/pen/QzvvvE?editors=0010

* :bug: Fix disabled button style in DatePicker panel

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/507615/50693143-17505400-1071-11e9-9114-b150bef8f7f6.png

* :memo: site: fix BackTop been covered by footer

close #14093

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Update pr_cn.md

* :bug: Fix nested Timeline last item missing line (#14110)

close #14108

* init Spin should also support delay trigger (#14105)

fix #14100

* Update table docs

* bugfix

* Format

* update snapshot

* test: fix spin test

packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/upload/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Data Entry
title: Upload
---

Upload file by selecting or dragging.

## When To Use

Uploading is the process of publishing information (web pages, text, pictures, video, etc.) to a remote server via a web page or upload tool.

- When you need to upload one or more files.
- When you need to show the process of uploading.
- When you need to upload files by dragging and dropping.

## API

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| accept | File types that can be accepted. See [input accept Attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/file#accept) | string | - |
| action | Uploading URL | string\|(file) => `Promise` | - |
| directory | support upload whole directory ([caniuse](https://caniuse.com/#feat=input-file-directory)) | boolean | false |
| beforeUpload | Hook function which will be executed before uploading. Uploading will be stopped with `false` or a rejected Promise returned. **Warning：this function is not supported in IE9**。 | (file, fileList) => `boolean | Promise` | - |
| customRequest | override for the default xhr behavior allowing for additional customization and ability to implement your own XMLHttpRequest | Function | - |
| data | Uploading params or function which can return uploading params. | object\|function(file) | - |
| defaultFileList | Default list of files that have been uploaded. | object\[] | - |
| disabled | disable upload button | boolean | false |
| fileList | List of files that have been uploaded (controlled). Here is a common issue [#2423](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/issues/2423) when using it | object\[] | - |
| headers | Set request headers, valid above IE10. | object | - |
| listType | Built-in stylesheets, support for three types: `text`, `picture` or `picture-card` | string | 'text' |
| multiple | Whether to support selected multiple file. `IE10+` supported. You can select multiple files with CTRL holding down while multiple is set to be true | boolean | false |
| name | The name of uploading file | string | 'file' |
| showUploadList | Whether to show default upload list, could be an object to specify `showPreviewIcon` and `showRemoveIcon` individually | Boolean or { showPreviewIcon?: boolean, showRemoveIcon?: boolean } | true |
| supportServerRender | Need to be turned on while the server side is rendering. | boolean | false |
| withCredentials | ajax upload with cookie sent | boolean | false |
| openFileDialogOnClick | click open file dialog | boolean | true |
| onChange | A callback function, can be executed when uploading state is changing. See [onChange](#onChange) | Function | - |
| onPreview | A callback function, will be executed when file link or preview icon is clicked. | Function(file) | - |
| onRemove | A callback function, will be executed when removing file button is clicked, remove event will be prevented when return value is `false` or a Promise which resolve(false) or reject. | Function(file): `boolean | Promise` | - |

### onChange

> The function will be called when uploading is in progress, completed or failed.

When uploading state change, it returns:

```js
{
  file: { /* ... */ },
  fileList: [ /* ... */ ],
  event: { /* ... */ },
}
```

1. `file` File object for the current operation.

   ```js
   {
      uid: 'uid',      // unique identifier，negative is recommend，to prevent interference with internal generated id
      name: 'xx.png'   // file name
      status: 'done', // options：uploading, done, error, removed
      response: '{"status": "success"}', // response from server
      linkProps: '{"download": "image"}', // additional html props of file link
   }
   ```

2. `fileList` current list of files
3. `event` response from server, including uploading progress, supported by advanced browsers.

## FAQ

### How to implement upload server side?

- You can consult [jQuery-File-Upload](https://github.com/blueimp/jQuery-File-Upload/wiki#server-side) about how to implement server side upload interface.
- There is a mock example of [express](https://github.com/react-component/upload/blob/master/server.js) in rc-upload.

### I want to display download links.

Please set property `url` of each item in `fileList` to control content of link.

### How to use `customRequest`?

See <https://github.com/react-component/upload#customrequest>.

### IE8/9 Note

See <https://github.com/react-component/upload#ie89-note>.
