packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/select/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Data Entry
title: Select
---

Select component to select value from options.

## When To Use

- A dropdown menu for displaying choices - an elegant alternative to the native `<select>` element.
- Utilizing [Radio](/components/radio/) is recommended when there are fewer total options (less than 5).

## API

```html
<Select>
  <Option value="lucy">lucy</Option>
</Select>
```

### Select props

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| allowClear | Show clear button. | boolean | false |
| autoFocus | Get focus by default | boolean | false |
| defaultActiveFirstOption | Whether active first option by default | boolean | true |
| defaultValue | Initial selected option. | string\|string\[]<br />number\|number\[] | - |
| disabled | Whether disabled select | boolean | false |
| dropdownClassName | className of dropdown menu | string | - |
| dropdownMatchSelectWidth | Whether dropdown's width is same with select. | boolean | true |
| dropdownStyle | style of dropdown menu | object | - |
| filterOption | If true, filter options by input, if function, filter options against it. The function will receive two arguments, `inputValue` and `option`, if the function returns `true`, the option will be included in the filtered set; Otherwise, it will be excluded. | boolean or function(inputValue, option) | true |
| firstActiveValue | Value of action option by default | string\|string\[] | - |
| getPopupContainer | Parent Node which the selector should be rendered to. Default to `body`. When position issues happen, try to modify it into scrollable content and position it relative. [Example](https://codesandbox.io/s/4j168r7jw0) | function(triggerNode) | () => document.body |
| labelInValue | whether to embed label in value, turn the format of value from `string` to `{key: string, label: ReactNode}` | boolean | false |
| maxTagCount | Max tag count to show | number | - |
| maxTagPlaceholder | Placeholder for not showing tags | ReactNode/function(omittedValues) | - |
| mode | Set mode of Select | 'default' \| 'multiple' \| 'tags' | 'default' |
| notFoundContent | Specify content to show when no result matches.. | string | 'Not Found' |
| optionFilterProp | Which prop value of option will be used for filter if filterOption is true | string | value |
| optionLabelProp | Which prop value of option will render as content of select. | string | `value` for `combobox`, `children` for other modes |
| placeholder | Placeholder of select | string\|ReactNode | - |
| showArrow | Whether to show the drop-down arrow | boolean | true |
| showSearch | Whether show search input in single mode. | boolean | false |
| size | Size of Select input. `default` `large` `small` | string | default |
| tokenSeparators | Separator used to tokenize on tag/multiple mode | string\[] |  |
| value | Current selected option. | string\|number\|string\[]\|number\[] | - |
| onBlur | Called when blur | function | - |
| onChange | Called when select an option or input value change, or value of input is changed in combobox mode | function(value, option:Option/Array&lt;Option>) | - |
| onDeselect | Called when a option is deselected, the params are option's value (or key) . only called for multiple or tags, effective in multiple or tags mode only. | function(value, option:Option) | - |
| onFocus | Called when focus | function | - |
| onInputKeyDown | Called when key pressed | function | - |
| onMouseEnter | Called when mouse enter | function | - |
| onMouseLeave | Called when mouse leave | function | - |
| onPopupScroll | Called when dropdown scrolls | function | - |
| onSearch | Callback function that is fired when input changed. | function(value: string) |  |
| onSelect | Called when a option is selected, the params are option's value (or key) and option instance. | function(value, option:Option) | - |
| defaultOpen | Initial open state of dropdown | boolean | - |
| open | Controlled open state of dropdown | boolean | - |
| onDropdownVisibleChange | Call when dropdown open | function(open) | - |

### Select Methods

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| blur() | Remove focus |
| focus() | Get focus |

### Option props

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| disabled | Disable this option | boolean | false |
| key | Same usage as `value`. If React request you to set this property, you can set it to value of option, and then omit value property. | string |  |
| title | `title` of Select after select this Option | string | - |
| value | default to filter with this property | string\|number | - |

### OptGroup props

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| key |  | string | - |
| label | Group label | string\|React.Element | - |

Commit message:

fix #11312: add autoClearSearchValue to AbstractSelectProps (#12473)
- extends the interface with an optional prop that can be provided to the RcSelect

First of all, thank you for your contribution! :-)

Please makes sure that these checkboxes are checked before submitting your PR, thank you!

* [ x ] Make sure that you propose PR to right branch: bugfix for `master`, feature for branch `feature`.
* [ x ] Make sure that you follow antd's [code convention](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/wiki/Code-convention-for-antd).
* [ x ] Run `npm run lint` and fix those errors before submitting in order to keep consistent code style.
* [ x ] Rebase before creating a PR to keep commit history clear.
* [ x ] Add some descriptions and refer relative issues for you PR.

Extra checklist:

**if** *isBugFix* **:**

  * [ ] Make sure that you add at least one unit test for the bug which you had fixed.

**elif** *isNewFeature* **:**

  * [ ] Update API docs for the component.
  * [ ] Update/Add demo to demonstrate new feature.
  * [ ] Update TypeScript definition for the component.
  * [ ] Add unit tests for the feature.

This fix is related to Issue #11312 and adds the optional `autoClearSearchValue` prop which can be supplied to `RcSelect` to the Select´s props. This is not really a new feature and a relatively unsubstantial one a that, so I didn´t add a demo for it, but I could do so if that´s desirable.

I updated the English API docs, but I´m not a Chinese speaker so there is no addition to the Chinese documentation. Maybe someone speaking Chinese would be willing to help out.

packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/select/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Data Entry
title: Select
---

Select component to select value from options.

## When To Use

- A dropdown menu for displaying choices - an elegant alternative to the native `<select>` element.
- Utilizing [Radio](/components/radio/) is recommended when there are fewer total options (less than 5).

## API

```html
<Select>
  <Option value="lucy">lucy</Option>
</Select>
```

### Select props

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| allowClear | Show clear button. | boolean | false |
| autoClearSearchValue | Whether the current search will be cleared on selecting an item. Only applies when `mode` is set to `multiple` or `tags`. | boolean | true |
| autoFocus | Get focus by default | boolean | false |
| defaultActiveFirstOption | Whether active first option by default | boolean | true |
| defaultValue | Initial selected option. | string\|string\[]<br />number\|number\[] | - |
| disabled | Whether disabled select | boolean | false |
| dropdownClassName | className of dropdown menu | string | - |
| dropdownMatchSelectWidth | Whether dropdown's width is same with select. | boolean | true |
| dropdownStyle | style of dropdown menu | object | - |
| filterOption | If true, filter options by input, if function, filter options against it. The function will receive two arguments, `inputValue` and `option`, if the function returns `true`, the option will be included in the filtered set; Otherwise, it will be excluded. | boolean or function(inputValue, option) | true |
| firstActiveValue | Value of action option by default | string\|string\[] | - |
| getPopupContainer | Parent Node which the selector should be rendered to. Default to `body`. When position issues happen, try to modify it into scrollable content and position it relative. [Example](https://codesandbox.io/s/4j168r7jw0) | function(triggerNode) | () => document.body |
| labelInValue | whether to embed label in value, turn the format of value from `string` to `{key: string, label: ReactNode}` | boolean | false |
| maxTagCount | Max tag count to show | number | - |
| maxTagPlaceholder | Placeholder for not showing tags | ReactNode/function(omittedValues) | - |
| mode | Set mode of Select | 'default' \| 'multiple' \| 'tags' | 'default' |
| notFoundContent | Specify content to show when no result matches.. | string | 'Not Found' |
| optionFilterProp | Which prop value of option will be used for filter if filterOption is true | string | value |
| optionLabelProp | Which prop value of option will render as content of select. | string | `value` for `combobox`, `children` for other modes |
| placeholder | Placeholder of select | string\|ReactNode | - |
| showArrow | Whether to show the drop-down arrow | boolean | true |
| showSearch | Whether show search input in single mode. | boolean | false |
| size | Size of Select input. `default` `large` `small` | string | default |
| tokenSeparators | Separator used to tokenize on tag/multiple mode | string\[] |  |
| value | Current selected option. | string\|number\|string\[]\|number\[] | - |
| onBlur | Called when blur | function | - |
| onChange | Called when select an option or input value change, or value of input is changed in combobox mode | function(value, option:Option/Array&lt;Option>) | - |
| onDeselect | Called when a option is deselected, the params are option's value (or key) . only called for multiple or tags, effective in multiple or tags mode only. | function(value, option:Option) | - |
| onFocus | Called when focus | function | - |
| onInputKeyDown | Called when key pressed | function | - |
| onMouseEnter | Called when mouse enter | function | - |
| onMouseLeave | Called when mouse leave | function | - |
| onPopupScroll | Called when dropdown scrolls | function | - |
| onSearch | Callback function that is fired when input changed. | function(value: string) |  |
| onSelect | Called when a option is selected, the params are option's value (or key) and option instance. | function(value, option:Option) | - |
| defaultOpen | Initial open state of dropdown | boolean | - |
| open | Controlled open state of dropdown | boolean | - |
| onDropdownVisibleChange | Call when dropdown open | function(open) | - |

### Select Methods

| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| blur() | Remove focus |
| focus() | Get focus |

### Option props

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| disabled | Disable this option | boolean | false |
| key | Same usage as `value`. If React request you to set this property, you can set it to value of option, and then omit value property. | string |  |
| title | `title` of Select after select this Option | string | - |
| value | default to filter with this property | string\|number | - |

### OptGroup props

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| key |  | string | - |
| label | Group label | string\|React.Element | - |
