packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/dropdown/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Navigation
title: Dropdown
---

A dropdown list.

## When To Use

If there are too many operations to display, you can wrap them in a `Dropdown`. By clicking/hovering on the trigger, a dropdown menu should appear, which allows you to choose one option and execute relevant actions.

## API

### Dropdown

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| disabled | whether the dropdown menu is disabled | boolean | - |
| getPopupContainer | to set the container of the dropdown menu. The default is to create a `div` element in `body`, you can reset it to the scrolling area and make a relative reposition. [example](https://codepen.io/afc163/pen/zEjNOy?editors=0010) | Function(triggerNode) | `() => document.body` |
| overlay | the dropdown menu | [Menu](/components/menu) | - |
| placement | placement of pop menu: `bottomLeft` `bottomCenter` `bottomRight` `topLeft` `topCenter` `topRight` | String | `bottomLeft` |
| trigger | the trigger mode which executes the drop-down action | Array&lt;`click`\|`hover`\|`contextMenu`> | `['hover']` |
| visible | whether the dropdown menu is visible | boolean | - |
| onVisibleChange | a callback function takes an argument: `visible`, is executed when the visible state is changed | Function(visible) | - |

You should use [Menu](/components/menu/) as `overlay`. The menu items and dividers are also available by using `Menu.Item` and `Menu.Divider`.

> Warning: You must set a unique `key` for `Menu.Item`.
>
> Menu of Dropdown is unselectable by default, you can make it selectable via `<Menu selectable>`.

### Dropdown.Button

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| disabled | whether the dropdown menu is disabled | boolean | - |
| overlay | the dropdown menu | [Menu](/components/menu) | - |
| placement | placement of pop menu: `bottomLeft` `bottomCenter` `bottomRight` `topLeft` `topCenter` `topRight` | String | `bottomLeft` |
| size | size of the button, the same as [Button](/components/button) | string | `default` |
| trigger | the trigger mode which executes the drop-down action | Array&lt;`click`\|`hover`\|`contextMenu`> | `['hover']` |
| type | type of the button, the same as [Button](/components/button) | string | `default` |
| visible | whether the dropdown menu is visible | boolean | - |
| onClick | a callback function, the same as [Button](/components/button), which will be executed when you click the button on the left | Function | - |
| onVisibleChange | a callback function takes an argument: `visible`, is executed when the visible state is changed | Function | - |

Commit message:

[doc] add more entries to dropdown doc API

packages/clinia-design-uikit/components/dropdown/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Navigation
title: Dropdown
---

A dropdown list.

## When To Use

If there are too many operations to display, you can wrap them in a `Dropdown`. By clicking/hovering on the trigger, a dropdown menu should appear, which allows you to choose one option and execute relevant actions.

## API

### Dropdown

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| disabled | whether the dropdown menu is disabled | boolean | - |
| getPopupContainer | to set the container of the dropdown menu. The default is to create a `div` element in `body`, you can reset it to the scrolling area and make a relative reposition. [example](https://codepen.io/afc163/pen/zEjNOy?editors=0010) | Function(triggerNode) | `() => document.body` |
| overlay | the dropdown menu | [Menu](/components/menu) | - |
| overlayClassName | Class name of the dropdown root element | string | - |
| overlayStyle | Style of the dropdown root element | object | - |
| placement | placement of pop menu: `bottomLeft` `bottomCenter` `bottomRight` `topLeft` `topCenter` `topRight` | String | `bottomLeft` |
| trigger | the trigger mode which executes the drop-down action | Array&lt;`click`\|`hover`\|`contextMenu`> | `['hover']` |
| visible | whether the dropdown menu is visible | boolean | - |
| onVisibleChange | a callback function takes an argument: `visible`, is executed when the visible state is changed | Function(visible) | - |

You should use [Menu](/components/menu/) as `overlay`. The menu items and dividers are also available by using `Menu.Item` and `Menu.Divider`.

> Warning: You must set a unique `key` for `Menu.Item`.
>
> Menu of Dropdown is unselectable by default, you can make it selectable via `<Menu selectable>`.

### Dropdown.Button

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| disabled | whether the dropdown menu is disabled | boolean | - |
| overlay | the dropdown menu | [Menu](/components/menu) | - |
| placement | placement of pop menu: `bottomLeft` `bottomCenter` `bottomRight` `topLeft` `topCenter` `topRight` | String | `bottomLeft` |
| size | size of the button, the same as [Button](/components/button) | string | `default` |
| trigger | the trigger mode which executes the drop-down action | Array&lt;`click`\|`hover`\|`contextMenu`> | `['hover']` |
| type | type of the button, the same as [Button](/components/button) | string | `default` |
| visible | whether the dropdown menu is visible | boolean | - |
| onClick | a callback function, the same as [Button](/components/button), which will be executed when you click the button on the left | Function | - |
| onVisibleChange | a callback function takes an argument: `visible`, is executed when the visible state is changed | Function | - |
